>> Scott: [SOUND] So
now we have our actions now all
we have to do is wire these
up to our component and
we can actually use them and
modify the state.
So there's a few ways we can do this.
What we're going to do is use the best
way it's a little more set up but
it's definitely the best way to do it.
We need to head over to our
root component which is
either an index to enter digests or
index the iOS.
Either one of which I wonder using or both
and instead of just returning to do here.
We actually have to return.
We have to import.
from 'react-redux'; so
provider pretty much just
provides in the store to
all of our components that way you
can subscribe to state changes.
It does all that for us and
we can set it up manually, do context but
providers is gonna do it for us.
So now we want to return this provider.
>> Scott: And inside of the provider,
we're going to place in,
our application like that.
So to do, or whatever and
that's actually what I want to
do is I want to put a view here.
There we go.
No, let's not do that.
We'll say Todo, there we go.
And then we just need to provide
the provider with a store.
So now we'll say,
import store from our store
which is in src/app/store.
>> Scott: And
we'll just pass the store here.
>> Scott: There we go.
>> Scott: So now.
All the child components of Todo and todo
itself is actually is going to have our
access to the store and
we can do things with that.
So I'm moving kind of fast,
I'm doing it on purpose.
Don't worry, I'm not meant for you to
keep up and tag along right now, promise.
>> Scott: So now what we're going to do is
we're going to head back over to Reddit
and now we're going to tie
this stuff up all together.
But before I go head into
it any question so far?
We just covered a lot.
>> Scott: I went like
full steam into Redux.
>> Scott: You guys said you wanted Redux.
You voted.
There was a vote.
People vote Redux.
No questions everybody understands this.
>> Scott: All right cool.
Okay, so now what we do is we need
to use a few things we need to do
we need to wrap this Reddit component.
We need to connect it to redux and
say hey this is the state that I want to
be the actions that I want to perform.
So we have to do that first move
because Reddit is not a child of todo
we also have to like place it inside
the child or whatever the root is.
And the root is in this case to do So
we have to place it to be
a drive Todo in order to get access
to redux store and what not.
So there's a lot of stuff
that we have to do here,
I don't really want to cover all that
stuff because it's kind of complicated.
So probably we're take a quick shortcut to
get it to work, and it will go from there.
So what we wanna do is import,
>> Scott: From, let's do connect react,
>> Scott: redux, there we go.
And then all we have to do now is the
point of redux is like now this component
like hey redux this is
the state that I want.
And when it changes, I want you to
rerender or render my render function.
So in a state that I want to describe
when it changes, call render again.
So all the status is updated.
Does that make sense?
So what that looks like is this.
So instead of binding to like
this local state, this post here.
What we're going to do is we're going
to have redux store this post for us.
And we're going to get it from redux
from as a prop, a property coming in.
And then all we have to do is we're
going to take this function right here.
And we're going to actually use that
we're going to create an action instead.
And that action is going to go ahead and
change the state for
us in the post is going
to pass on as a property.
>> Scott: It's kind of harder than
you are so the way it works is right.
You're inside of a component and
it's like I need some post and reddit.
So what you do is you click a button.
That button fires off an action.
That action is nothing but
object that has a type which is this.
You know fire of action as a type and
then when action is fired
is dispatched by reddits.
Reddit is going to start running
all the reducer functions.
So the reducer functions
come in like okay,
you dispatched something of type fetch
post complete says no come I am I okay.
Execute this and
what this is is hey just take the payload
property of the action that you dispatched
and make that be the new state.
And that's going to the new state for
Reddit.
So now all we've got to do inside
the read a component is described to
the Reddit State.
So there are the state changes by
an action to Reddit component re renders.
You see that it's like a unit
directional data flow you fire it goes
all the way up and then comes right down.
It was always the reduction it comes right
down versus right now it's just a local
it's stuck inside here.
It's like yup it's back and forth.
Whereas with a redux is going to go
out go to redux go there reducer and
come back down to the properties
to the pair of components.